Update Specification Workflow (#200)
meilisearch/specifications: README.md

# Specifications Workflow

This repository manages the specifications of the Meilisearch API. Specifications are meant to describe the expected behavior on a high level and point out identified corner cases.

## Draft State

> To start a new specification, a new branch must start from `main` or from `release-vX.X.X` if the changes to write are already planned for an upcoming release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a new specification, a new branch must start
- from `release-vX.X.X` if the related changes are already planned for the release `vX.X.X`
- from `main` if you don't know in which release the changes will be integrated
```

If a new specification file need to be introduced, it must follow the pattern: `PR_number-feature-name.md`. e.g. if PR number 12 is about facetting, the newly introduced specification file will be named `0012-facetting.md`.

> Note that a pull request not strictly dealing about a specification conception will be tagged as `Not A Spec`. e.g. A pull-request updating this file will be tagged with the `Not A Spec` label.

The [pull-request template](pull_request_template.md) must be filled in when the pull-request is created.

## Review State

> Once the specification is ready for review in the owner's eyes, the owner can then switch the PR to open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's up to the maintainers of this repository to decide when the PR is ready to be reviewed and which persons should review it.
```

The PR must be tagged as `Ready For Review` to enter this stage.

To be validated, it must be reviewed and approved by peers, ideally:

- One person from the Integration team.
- One person from the Core team.
- One person from the Product team.

## Merge State

To be merged, a specification pull-request should follow the given rules:

- It must be approved as described in the [Review State](#review-state) section.

> - It must be branched on a given `release-vX.X.X` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The PR must point to the right `release-vX.X.X` branch.
```

- It must be tagged with:
  - A `vX.X.X` tag indicating in which release the described changes will be introduced.
  - A `QX:YYYY` tag indicating in which quarter and year the described changes will be introduced.
  - The `⚠ Breaking` tag, if breaking changes are introduced.
  - The `Telemetry` tag, if telemetry changes are introduced.
  - The `OpenAPI` tag, if the [open-api](open-api.yaml) specification will see changes introduced.

---

# Release Worfklow

The following steps should happens the day a Meilisearch release is shipped:

> - Pull-requests describing changes for a release are merged and squashed into the corresponding `release-vX.X.X` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pull-requests describing changes for a release are squashed and merged into the corresponding `release-vX.X.X` branch.
```

> - `release-vX.X.X` is merged and squashed into `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `release-vX.X.X` is squashed and merged into `main`.
```

- `open-api.yml` version is deployed on bump.sh.

---

## Specification File Format

Meilisearch's feature specifications are made up of five sections, described below.

### 1. Summary

Summarize the specification with a short paragraph.

### 2. Motivation

> Explains what use cases does it support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explain which use cases are supported.
```

### 3. Functional Specification

This section gives a high level overview of the feature. It should avoid technical language so that it can be understood by a general audience (think user-level).

> - Describes the API resource and endpoints. (Methods, URL, query parameters, body definition, status code).
> - Explains the feature through examples.
> - Lists error cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Describe the API resource and endpoints. (Methods, URL, query parameters, body definition, status code).
- Explain the feature through examples.
- List error cases.
```

Reviewer: For me you are talking to the person reading the process, so you give information about what to do
